[New] Show device location using indoor positioning (#462)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Show device location using indoor positioning/README.md

Reviewer: The design update PR has went in `common-samples/pull/3939`, please add the latest changes to the README here. Thank you!

Author: Sure thing, let me know if this is what you were expecting in terms of README updates.

## How it works

1. Load an IPS-aware map. This can be a web map hosted as a portal item in ArcGIS Online, an Enterprise Portal, or a mobile map package (.mmpk) created with ArcGIS Pro.
2. Create and load an `IndoorPositioningDefinition` (stored with the map), then create an `IndoorsLocationDataSource` from it.
3. Handle location change events to respond to floor changes or read other metadata for locations.
4. Assign the `IndoorsLocationDataSource` to the map view's location display.
5. Enable and disable the map view's location display using `start()` and `stop()`. Device location will appear on the display as a blue dot and update as the user moves throughout the space.
6. Use the `autoPanMode` property to change how the map behaves when location updates are received.

## Relevant API

* ArcGISFeatureTable
* FeatureTable
* IndoorPositioningDefinition
* IndoorsLocationDataSource
* LocationChangeHandlerDelegate
* LocationDisplay
* LocationDisplayAutoPanMode
* Map
* MapView

## About the data

> This sample uses an [IPS-enabled web map](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=8fa941613b4b4b2b8a34ad4cdc3e4bba) that displays Building L on the Esri Redlands campus. Please note: you would only be able to use the indoor positioning functionalities when you are inside this building. Swap the web map to test with your own IPS setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses an [IPS-aware web map](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=8fa941613b4b4b2b8a34ad4cdc3e4bba) that displays Building L on the Esri Redlands campus. Please note: you would only be able to use the indoor positioning functionalities when you are inside this building. Swap the web map to test with your own IPS setup.
```

## Additional information

* Location and Bluetooth permissions are required for this sample.

> * To learn more about IPS, read the [Indoor positioning](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/device-location/indoor-positioning/) article on ArcGIS Developer website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To learn more about IPS, read the [Indoor positioning](https://developers.arcgis.com/swift/device-location/indoor-positioning/) article on Esri Developer website.
```
